Segments:

-Who are we?

We are a friendly Brazilian Jiu Jitsu gym, offering affordable classes in central Brighton. We are most suitable for beginners level and so ideal for white and blue belts especially. We are mainly focused on sport jiu jitsu but also incorporate elements of self defence.
We offer Gi and submission grappling classes.
We are aiming to create relaxed and safe training environment for everyone to enjoy our favourite martial art, but if you like to push yourself more, you will also find suitable training partners here.


Our Values:

We treat our values seriously and expect everyone training here to follow them.

1.) Respect your training partners- we are here to progress and have fun together, not to feed our egos at the expense of others
2.) No bullying and discrimination will be tolerated. Everyone should be able to enjoy training here, regardless of their race, sexual orientation, gender or cultural background.
3.) We are not interested in any tribal gym politics. We welcome visitors from other academies and we always encourage cross training.




-What is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
A grappling style characterized by a lot of groundwork in which the ultimate aim is to defeat your opponent using techniques like arm locks and chokes. One of the many great things about BJJ is that it is sparring based (called “rolling”), so you get to really apply the techniques you’re learning without holding back. There’s no punching, kicking or other striking involved. You could look at it as a form of fighting without hurting. One of the reasons BJJ has become popular is that it’s an essential element in MMA (mixed martial arts).
What's the difference between Gi and Submission Grappling class?
In Gi classes we train wearing a jacket and pants, called “Gi”. If you already have a Gi, then great, but if you don’t, message us beforehand and we should be able to lend you one.
Submission Grappling (also called NoGi) is a similar style but instead of Gi uniform, using shorts, t-shirts or compression wear like rashguards. Because there is no jacket to grip and control, it tends to be much more dynamic and involves a lot of wrestling.

-Timetable




-Prices

normal class £8
open mat/Friday fundamental class £5
full time membership £60 (all classes and open mats included)

-How to join?

Get in touch with us either via email or social media. If you need to borrow Gi for your first class or two, let us know in advance and we will have one ready for you. Make sure to cut your nails. If you have a gumshield/mouth guard bring it as well.

-Contact us:

We are at 2nd Floor of  Vantage Point, New England Road, Brighton BN1 4GW
You will need door codes to enter.

grapplingcoopbrighton@gmail.com

instagram.com/brightonbjjschool

facebook.com/brightonbjjschool
